new-tunebook/TODO.md, before:

- [x] main display - current state
- [x] event bus
- [x] play bar
- [x] issues with tune choosing
- [x] add tempo control
- [x] javascript error loading from start
- [x] how did i get around the user gesture / audio context issue in the previous version??
- [x] change selected note color (svg fill)
- [x] highlight note with cursor control
- [x] add chord control
- [x] highlight selected tune in sidebar
- [x] transform ABC 
  - [x] don't display tempo
  - [x] don't display key
  - [x] don't display title
  - [x] don't display notes 
- [ ] hanging indent in tune list
- [x] change instrument to something less obnoxious than the piano
- [x] select note to scroll to audio // click listener
- [ ] on play new audio, clean up all old audio
- [ ] read #tags from notes field 
- [ ] main display updates
  - [ ] custom title display
  - [ ] key display
- [ ] Controls 
  - [ ] fix chord control -- 
    - [x] checkbox
    - [ ] reset audio
  - [ ] tablature
  - [ ] instrument?
  - [ ] transpose
  - [ ] dropdown menu for other options

- [ ] search / filter bar

Commit message:

add options, still waterfall effect

new-tunebook/TODO.md, after:

- [x] main display - current state
- [x] event bus
- [x] play bar
- [x] issues with tune choosing
- [x] add tempo control
- [x] javascript error loading from start
- [x] how did i get around the user gesture / audio context issue in the previous version??
- [x] change selected note color (svg fill)
- [x] highlight note with cursor control
- [x] add chord control
- [x] highlight selected tune in sidebar
- [x] transform ABC 
  - [x] don't display tempo
  - [x] don't display key
  - [x] don't display title
  - [x] don't display notes 
- [ ] hanging indent in tune list
- [x] change instrument to something less obnoxious than the piano
- [x] select note to scroll to audio // click listener
- [ ] on play new audio, clean up all old audio
- [ ] read #tags from notes field 
- [ ] main display updates
  - [ ] custom title display
  - [ ] key display
- [ ] Controls 
  - [ ] fix chord control -- 
    - [x] checkbox
    - [ ] reset audio
  - [ ] tablature
  - [x] instrument?
  - [ ] transpose
  - [x] dropdown menu for other options
- [ ] fix abc tempo -- remove it from display, but still have it affect the midi... maybe render midi separately? 

- [ ] search / filter bar 

// https://abcnotation.com/wiki/abc:standard:v2.1
// durationInMeasures
// see full synth example: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/paulrosen/abcjs/main/examples/full-synth.html
